Give relationship between 3 APIs (#2550)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-node-interaction.md

slug: ../build-node-interaction
---

This page will guide you through some basic interactions with your node. This guide should _guide you to the proper tools,_ not be
seen as canonical reference. Always refer to the proper
documentation for the tool you are using:

- [Substrate RPC API](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/latest/sc_rpc_api/index.html)
- [Polkadot-JS RPC](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/rpc)
- [Substrate API Sidecar](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar)

> **Polkadot-JS RPC** is JavaScript library for interacting with **Substrate RPC API** endpoint, distributed as `@polkadot/api` Node.js package.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Polkadot-JS RPC** is a JavaScript library for interacting with the **Substrate RPC API** endpoint, distributed as `@polkadot/api` Node.js package.  
```

> **Substrate API Sidecar** is using **Polkadot-JS RPC** to provide separately runnable REST service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Substrate API Sidecar** is using the **Polkadot-JS RPC** to provide separately runnable REST services.
```

Reviewer: We can add https://www.npmjs.com/package/@polkadot/api as a link for `@polkadot/api`
